hello that such friends as they are I am
felipe hilario del canal de android
studies and this time I'm going to
show an emulator called p esp for
our android phone where are we going to
to be able to play very good games and
in this video the main reason is
teach them how to configure the pp emulator
for metal slug I'm also going to let you
in the description of this video other
pages where you can download other
interesting games for our
Android phone so well let's go to
start and stay here with android
studies
good friends the next step is
address to the description of this video
to download the emulator that by
true is the premium version and I know
I will leave totally free in the
description of the good video friends we are going
to start with the emulator and we're going to
begin to configure it for this
great game that has not happened to me
fashion is metal slug
until the interface of this emulator and what
first thing we have to do is
direct us to the adjustments once the
adjustments we are going to go to system the
system we are going to direct to language and
we are going to change it to spanish españa '
well let's give back and now as
we can put what is the game
then we will go to games and
here we have to search and here we
emulates what is the memory of our
phone in my case like I have the motorcycle x
I'm just cool what a
memory you have to download the
game will be downloaded to them in point
real and they have to decompress it for
that they have a point file made a
once they have the iso point of metal
good slug create a folder in my case
I created it here where it says feet
for where it says game metal slug and good
there is the game what
we select and it will start but before
to start what is the game we have
that set the pp so that we can
correctly the game we are going to go
new what are the adjustments first that
nothing shows us what is graphics here
in graphics
what is the screen and you will me
go configuring each step is worth it because if
we see each one we are going to take
very much then you pause in what
what is the video and go putting it as
I have it then we are going to lower it a little
to little
and now we are going to move to sound
then we're going to go to controls
and finally we're going to go to the system
good friends once configured already
all the parameters of this emulator
we are going to give back and now we are going to
be able to run the game correctly
let's start what is metal slug
we're going to click on it and well we're going
to start loading everything correctly
here we are going to click on what is the
side button with the circle one's worth and
let's wait for him to load what
is this game will start this way
will thus start the game and
we have to give to who they are once
Who to be with, let's move the
parameters here this occasion we have to
put the mind mission and we're going to
select with x once in x then
we have to press again x let's
choose the normal mode we will choose
our character is worth it and we are going to give him
in x once in x let's click on the
vision 1 and ready will start what is the
game if they did not set up and this one as
I have it, it's going to run
which is the game so it's very
important
wiggle the settings as I did in the
video so we're left with the game
come on let's play it a little bit to
observe that everything runs perfectly
here they have already killed me I do not achieve
concentrate well since I'm recording
what is this good video to execute
and that they run pretty well fluid what
what is this emulator need at least
what is a memory of a giga of
ram memory your phone so that
run do not have any kind of lac
the games the truth there are games that
they are no no they are not very good so
guys visit the description and direct
headquarters is already valid then let's get out
of the menu and this is a small
demonstration that the game
it runs pretty good and pretty fluid
this has been all on my part I hope you
have liked what this video is and if
it's like this I hope you give me a vol.
subscribe to the channel in case you have not
done and share this video on your networks
social I remind you that you can
follow on twitter as the theft and the
studies in this great as steals and lar
studies and you can search me on my page
facebook like everything for your android
I hope to see you in the next video up
soon and greetings